Try other urls, show that is blocked
Show register page
Login
Mention Navbar, widgets, and dynamic values
- Dynamic values: Total, Outgoing money in red, Incoming money in green
Look into middle widget, click See all Transactions
Notice the Home and Walmart expenses, and Quiktrip income.
Says visualize your financials, let's go to Insights page.
We can see on the left side two tiles.
The first tile shows the incoming and outgoing money for the last two months.
If I click on that, it will show an enlarged version. As seen, the expenses from Home and Walmart are here, and Quiktrip income here.
Now let's go to the second tile.
This tile shows spending by category, separated by incoming money and outgoing money all time.
The Groceries is Walmart and Rent is Home. The Income is all Quiktrip.
Next, we will feature the CRUD operations.
First, let's create a transaction then see our insights page update.
If I click on Add Transaction we are taken to a page where we will say we went to Main Event, 20.00, Entertainment.
If I click on submit, it will show an error because I must use a negative value for an expense.
I can change that, then it will submit.
Let's quickly see the changes on the insights page.
Notice how the pie graph has a different colored slice.
Also notice how February has a red bar, not just a green one.
Back to the transactions page, let's read one of our transactions. Just click on it. The data is prepopulated.
To modify, simply just edit the input field and click modify. It will appear within the list of transactions.
Next I will demonstrate the search and filter
If I type in Quik, it shows both transactions named Quiktrip. Then I can filter further by entering a min amount of 0 to get only the income.
Reset will bring back the original list.
Here I can choose categories. Let's choose Rent. Nice
The report generation feature is with this download button.
I can click on it and it will download to my computer.
Last part of the CRUD operations is delete.
To delete, click on the transaction and delete it.
Once again, the dynamic values are rendered with the page, so they will always be updated.
Now, let's add a category. Category is a separate table in my database which is connected to transactions via foreign key.
I can check the outgoing box or not to indicate incoming. {Type Gifts} Let's uncheck it. Then, let's create a quick transaction.
Birthday, 10.00, Gifts.
Notice everything updates, and on the insights page, there is a new piece to the pie.
Now let's come back and delete it. When I delete it, the transaction remains, I will just have to reassign its category.
This concludes the demo

Thank you for viewing the presentation of my financial tracking application.


